Add information on `--no-prompt` and `PREFECT_CLI_PROMPT` to deployment documentation (#10600)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/tutorial/workers.md

7. **Image tag (latest):** Hit `Enter` to use the default image tag `latest`.
8. **Would you like to push this image to a remote registry? (y/n):** Select `n` for now; we can keep this image local.

!!! tip "Disable interactive mode"

>     You can disable interactive mode during `prefect deploy` by passing in the `--no-prompt` flag, e.g. `prefect --no-prompt deploy -n my-deployment-name`. Alternatively, you can enable it by passing in the `--prompt` flag. This can be used for all `prefect` commands. To disable interactive mode for all `prefect` commands, set the `PREFECT_CLI_PROMPT` setting to 0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can disable the `prefect deploy` command's interactive prompts by passing in the `--no-prompt` flag, e.g. `prefect --no-prompt deploy -n my-deployment-name`. Alternatively, you can enable it by passing in the `--prompt` flag. This can be used for all `prefect` commands. To disable interactive mode for all `prefect` commands, set the `PREFECT_CLI_PROMPT` setting to 0.
```

Author: ah, nice

>     You can disable interactive mode during `prefect deploy` by passing in the `--no-prompt` flag, e.g. `prefect --no-prompt deploy -n my-deployment-name`. Alternatively, you can enable the prompts by passing in the `--prompt` flag. This can be used for all `prefect` commands. To disable interactive mode for all `prefect` commands, set the `PREFECT_CLI_PROMPT` setting to 0. 

Author: ```suggestion
    You can disable interactive mode during `prefect deploy` by passing in the `--no-prompt` flag, e.g. `prefect --no-prompt deploy -n my-deployment-name`. Alternatively, you can enable it by passing in the `--prompt` flag. This can be used for all `prefect` commands. To disable interactive mode for all `prefect` commands, set the `PREFECT_CLI_PROMPT` setting to 0. 
```
